Add note to help debugging misconfiguration (#18802)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/logs/advanced_log_collection.md

**Note**: Escape regex characters in your patterns when using labels. For example, `\d` becomes `\\d`, `\w` becomes `\\w`, etc.

> **Note**: The label value must follow JSON syntax. e.g. No trailing comma, no comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The label value must follow JSON syntax, which means you should not include any trailing commas or comments.
```

**Note**: Escape regex characters in your patterns when using pod annotations. For example, `\d` becomes `\\d`, `\w` becomes `\\w`, etc.

> **Note**: The annotation value must follow JSON syntax. e.g. No trailing comma, no comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The label value must follow JSON syntax, which means you should not include any trailing commas or comments.
```
